I'm going to the bath.
What are you talking about?
I didn't hear that.
I'm going to fight in the bath.
I'm going to fight.
What about your fight?
I'm going to the bath.
I'm going to fight in the bath.
First of all,
I 더 I think,
I don't think so.
Go out to fight next to him.
I thought I'd come on top
I say in my mouth!!
Hey!
I am not ready at all, but when I knew him I designed a duet with him.
I had no idea, but they tried to contact each other.
So do they cheat each other?
I asked them to resist, and they".
Do they伏 at me?
And then they both
jinxed my Action poem and
picked me up.
I was just being kicked.
You were being kicked.
You were the one who was being kicked.
Don't say that.
I was just being kicked.
I said, hey.
What? I said, hey.
I was surprised and said, hey.
The same thing happened to this man.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
What's wrong?
So I told him.
What? I'm an Edo-ko?
I was so angry that I became an Edo-ko.
I said, hey, hey.
I'm just joking.
I'm an Edo-ko.
I have to be an Edo-ko.
I'm not an Edo-ko.
You're not an Edo-ko.
You guys are not happy.
I'm not an idiot.
You're not happy.
I was just being kicked.
And he got there.
You're not an idiot.
You can't do something.
I was there.
He was just being kicked.
I was also being kicked.
I was just being kicked.
I thought he was being kicked.
But why was I being kicked?
He was being kicked by a man.
Can I go home?
When the Inele is being treated as human,
Mane cannot live while arguing.
So how can he be treated like a chicken?
We are doggters.
He inmate chairs there.
May one of us be If certain,
I will free myself.